doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler/executeUpdate.md, before:

[Back to the Ling/Light_Crud api](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud.md)<br>
[Back to the Ling\Light_Crud\CrudRequestHandler\LightBaseCrudRequestHandler class](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler.md)


LightBaseCrudRequestHandler::executeUpdate
================



LightBaseCrudRequestHandler::executeUpdate — Executes the crud.update request.




Description
================


protected [LightBaseCrudRequestHandler::executeUpdate](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler/executeUpdate.md)(string $pluginContextIdentifier, string $table, ?array $params = []) : void




Executes the crud.update request.




Parameters
================


- pluginContextIdentifier

    

- table

    

- params

    


Return values
================

Returns void.


Exceptions thrown
================

- [Exception](http://php.net/manual/en/class.exception.php).&nbsp;







Source Code
===========
See the source code for method [LightBaseCrudRequestHandler::executeUpdate](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler.php#L132-L167)


See Also
================

The [LightBaseCrudRequestHandler](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler.md) class.

Previous method: [executeCreate](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler/executeCreate.md)<br>Next method: [executeDelete](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler/executeDelete.md)<br>

Commit message:

update update LightBaseCrudRequestHandler, can now handle the form multiplier trick

doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler/executeUpdate.md, after:

[Back to the Ling/Light_Crud api](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud.md)<br>
[Back to the Ling\Light_Crud\CrudRequestHandler\LightBaseCrudRequestHandler class](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler.md)


LightBaseCrudRequestHandler::executeUpdate
================



LightBaseCrudRequestHandler::executeUpdate — Executes the crud.update request.




Description
================


protected [LightBaseCrudRequestHandler::executeUpdate](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler/executeUpdate.md)(string $pluginContextIdentifier, string $table, ?array $params = []) : void




Executes the crud.update request.


The params array has the following structure:

- data: array, the row to update
- updateRic: array, the key/value pairs array representing the [ric strict](https://github.com/lingtalfi/NotationFan/blob/master/ric.md#the-strict-ric) columns and values of the row to update. It basically defines the where part of the sql query.
- ?multiplier: array, the multiplier array (see [the form multiplier trick](https://github.com/lingtalfi/TheBar/blob/master/discussions/form-multiplier.md) for more details)




Parameters
================


- pluginContextIdentifier

    

- table

    

- params

    


Return values
================

Returns void.


Exceptions thrown
================

- [Exception](http://php.net/manual/en/class.exception.php).&nbsp;







Source Code
===========
See the source code for method [LightBaseCrudRequestHandler::executeUpdate](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler.php#L183-L275)


See Also
================

The [LightBaseCrudRequestHandler](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler.md) class.

Previous method: [executeCreate](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler/executeCreate.md)<br>Next method: [executeDelete](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Crud/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Crud/CrudRequestHandler/LightBaseCrudRequestHandler/executeDelete.md)<br>
